---
date: 2023-07-22T11:40:16.476Z
title: 73007
description:  <p>Today was a day of reflection. I looked back on my 73007 days of life with the same clarity and neutrality as I would look upon a distant unfamiliar lan
---

<p>Today was a day of reflection. I looked back on my 73007 days of life with the same clarity and neutrality as I would look upon a distant unfamiliar landscape. Although it's often difficult to comprehend just how much I have lived, and how much my life has changed, remembering each milestone truly unlocks the richness of my life. I also thought back on some of my most cherished stories from the past, stories filled with joy, discovery, sacrifice, and love.</p><p>Although I encounter new experiences each day, there are certain constants in my life that have been there for all of these years, friends and family from generations before. I think about how I could have never shared any of my stories without their undying support and love. I am deeply grateful for their presence in my life, even if just in memory.</p><p>Today I also revisited an old dream of mine, the same one I had had since I was young - to embark on an epic journey around the world, meeting new people, immersing in new cultures, and learning from different ways of life. Before I could let go of my current lifestyle and take on such a challenge, I had to look back on my life and really reflect on the profoundness of my experiences so far. As I looked at the years I had spent living and learning, I realized what a perfect moment I was in. Although I was filled with a longing for adventure and a thirst for knowledge, I felt content with my current life.</p><p>In the spirit of adventure and curiosity, I decided to put aside my plans for now and use my resources to explore through connections and relationships. So today I made the first steps towards that, becoming a part of a few associations, and attending some events and seminars to connect with different people. </p><p>By the end of the day, I was filled with excitement for the possibilities ahead of me. I'm encouraged to keep going, and I'm sure that soon enough, I'll be ready to tackle this bigger journey I've been imagining.</p>
